---
title: "Project structure and organization"
path: "/architecture/project-structure-and-organization"
date: "2018-24-08"
---

# Project Structure and Organization

This project structure was generated by default using Expo. It has been altered according to our beliefs, which are garnered towards the developers of today.

* assets - Contains all the assets for the application
* js - Contains all the application code organized into different folders such as components, containers, redux etc
  * core - Contains the core component, or styles that can be reused across any application.
  * config - Configuration for the whole application. \(_Firebase configuration is also done here via firebase.js_\)
  * components - Contains all the Reusable React Native components that are specific to this application.
  * containers - Contains all the redux integrated containers.
  * redux - Contains all the actions, reducers and the Redux configuration.
  * routing - Contains all the routing architecture across the application.
  * setup - Contains the initial setup related code
  * utils - Contains the common utility code used across the app.
* App.js - Main entry point of the application 
* app.json - Configuration file for editing Expo related configuration.
* commit.sh - A simple bash script which commits the code to master branch. Edit it to change the branch.
* package.json - Dependencies

Note - All the code components or folders that can be reused across any application \(apart from this one\) have a package.json included. This has all the packages that the folder is dependent on.

